yes
hello how are you and welcome to this
tutorial side of photoshop lightroom in
the one that we are going to learn to perform the
Effect shown on the screen
let's start and I'll restore the
image and we go straight to detail
here in quantity I will put 25 the radio
he left it at 10
the detail I'm going to put it in 11
and the mask I leave it like this
now in noise reduction
Illuminance I'm going to put 36
in detail I put it in 34 and the contrast
I leave it at zero
now I'm going to divide all
and in the tone of the illuminations I'm going to
put 48
the saturation 44
the balance left it at zero and in the
shade of the shadows I'm going to put 240 and the
saturation in 37 we remember that the
saturation in the intensity with which
the tone will influence the image
now I'm going to basic
and exhibition the 40
in contrast I'm going to put 50 in
Illuminations I will also put 50
in shades 50 in whites minus 54
and blacks
- 79
hello in clarity I will put 100 in the
intensity left it at 0 and saturation
I'm going to change it
amen to 100
now I'm going to effects
and here in bullets I'm going to put
in quantity minus 29 and we leave it as
is
good now to save the effect
we go to preset settings here there
a little button we click and we
this window will appear you have to look
that everything we have
configured is marked and we put the
name that we want and we give to create
Well this effect is very good can be
use as well as on screen or you also
You can use it by combining it with another effect
that we had previously learned
I'm going to show you
I'm going to restore the image
first we have to put the effect of
tutorial number 3
then effect just
create and we're going to get this result
that we are seeing and also if they want
save them also have to go adjustments
preset and you click on this
button and keep it good this was all
I hope I have served you and I have
liked if you have any doubt I would
leave here below in the comments we
we see in the next tutorial a greeting and
until next time